Day 1 24/7/22 Leicester to Barrow on Soar 15.63 miles
Yesterday felt like really hard work.
I moved in bed as I woke up and felt a funny twinge in my lower back, “oh no I thought!”. 
Some time ago I felt the same sensation, sat up in bed, and collapsed back down as my spine could no longer support my torso. 
I so didn’t want a repeat performance of that incident.
I got out of bed and stood upright, everything felt fine, just a little stiff.  I also felt tired and lacking in energy.  I told Jacqui my wife who has run several marathons over the years, she said it was common.  It felt like my body was acting like a rebellious teenager in advance of the start of my walk.
I started packing and then realised that the weight of my rucksack was creeping up.  I had wanted to keep it as low as possible but once technology was added it started to hit the 25 pounds mark. Already feeling run down I started to panic.  We were due to see a friend for lunch, I decided it made more sense to go through my pack and remove any unnecessary weight (again).
By the end of the day I had reached the point of “sod it”.
As a percentage of my body weight the pack really isn’t too bad, so I took the decision to go with it and not strip things so far to the bone that I was living under even more austere conditions.
We watched the film Wild for the umpteenth time and had an early night.
I kept tossing and turning, too hot and stuffy.  My brain was unable to settle, going through the plans for the coming weeks, 3am, 4am soon it was 6:30 I decided it was best to put the kettle on and feed the cat.
I couldn’t find the arm band bracelet thing that Jacqui had bought me, I wanted to wear it for the walk and this felt too like a bit of a jinx.
The good news was my body had decided to stop the massive protest strop, I felt physically fine and good to go.  
One thing I really love about Sunday is breakfast.  We have “eggs in shells” with home made bread and jam.  I also like the way that the cat sits and begs for tiny bits of egg that my wife blows delicately on and then is gently snatched away from her fingers.
The original plan was to take the morning slowly and then we would walk the first couple of miles together.
It must have been around 8am, I was packed and ready to go we decided to set off.
I knew it would be emotional parting on the road and it was.  Jacqui walked in her running gear so she could run home at the departure point after our walk together.  
I understand from a later text that we now have a very clean fridge.
The walk felt hard, I wasn’t fully awake, and the air was humid and warm. Having the slightly overweighted pack was bothering me but I decided now was the time to get on with it and step up to the challenge.
Two parrots in a house window watched me as I walked past their home.
As I got going things started to come together, I was afraid I had lost my mojo, built up after months of training.
My feet felt good, my legs felt strong, and the pack soon became an extension to my body.
As I walked the Fosse Way, I wondered about the many other people who have walked along this ancient Roman road.
Walking early on a Sunday had some advantages, the air seemed fresher as I got away from the city, there were much fewer cars on the road.
There was a distinct problem though and that was there was nothing open.
I found a pub on the Fosse Way, but discovered it wasn’t open till 12pm.
I really needed the loo.
Locating some fancy business park with beautifully manicured trees I snuck into the undergrowth and did my own “business”, hoping I haven’t been recorded on some security camera system.
Still in need of a bite to eat I then passed a garden centre, surely it would have a tearoom.
It certainly did, a beautiful VW camper van converted into a tea shop.
Lemon drizzle cake and a cup of tea, setting me up nicely for the rest of the walk.
I chatted to one of the staff there, she was very interested in my walk and kindly filled up my water bottle from the garden centre tap.
Passing an old industrial building just outside Barrow I crossed the road to look in the window.  It was full of graffiti, as I left, I thought I saw a figure in the corner of my eye and it took me short for a second, but there was nobody there.
After a little more walking I reached the camp site and set up the tent, not bad for a morning’s walk.
System Report
Left foot feels great, right foot has a slightly sore patch on the heel, will protect that for day 2.
Legs feel solid.
As I write I do feel tired but just had lunch and will have a nap in the tent before I head back down into the town.
Ice cream of the day
Coop own brand Cornetto.  The chocolate was a bit cheap and nasty and didn’t care much for the ice cream either.


